maybe I shut the videotape so that I
wouldn't have to remember it myself
like when your parents take pictures of
you do you remember the being there or
do you remember just photograph
we had a middle-class home educated
where did this come from
you would have to wonder what kind of a
family situation could produce this kind
of crime I mean I had no concept that
this thing even exists in the world for
me to be so outraged it was like
someone's worst nightmare they're
harassing my father for no reason at all
we'll make the film about a man that's
sad the scenario posted by the media and
the police was so incredibly way out the
very nature of these charges is so
absurd it was just generally a freefall
it's almost surreal I don't think any of
us had any notion of what was going on
or what we were doing or where any of
this was leading he told us nothing
happened
that's good enough for me nothing